So I typologies connected all start up all the devices what you'll notice is NPM is starting the genus
3 V.M. is starting
the NPM Windows machine is booted up.
The genius 3 VM is booted up.
And what I'll do now is open up a console connection to the rodders.
So let's start with one what I'm into.
D is configured.
This network is 10 to 1 and 1 2 8 0 24
this network will be 10 to wonder 2.0 slushed 24 and this one tenth of 1 to 3.0 slash 24.
I'll also create loop packs on each Rodda with an IP address that relates to the name.
So it could ripple one for auto one could triple t ferrata T and quadruple sorry for rodder three Lubeck
so great.
These are logical interfaces that don't go down on Rajahs and are very useful for management as well
as for protocols such as OSPF Serrato one Krake the loop back interface so a quadruple one
going to the first serial interface serial zero slash zero IP address 10 1 1 1 slice 24 no shut to go
into the second interface serial zero slash 1 IP address 10 1 to 1 No shut that interface
and enable the GOP serrata at your GOP 100 network and I'm going to enable the GOP and all interfaces
and disable automatic summarization.
The important step from a management point of view is to enable SMP.
So I mean to say is an empty server community and I'm going to specify a community of NPM and I'm going
to set it to read only and then I'm going to save for the configuration do something similar on rockety.
So in order to interface Luebeck zero IP address
quadruple te
to face serial zero slash zero IP address tend to wonder wonder t.
No shut it.
Serial zero slash one IP address tendered one to treat or two no shut that interface Rodda here.
GOP 100 network and enable the GOP and Alling to faces and disable automatic summarization loss Draut
erotic story
create a loopback interface
quadruple stree
slash 32 mosque go into the serial interface IP address take that one to two or three.
No Sharratt second serial interface IP address tendered one or treat or three no shut that interface
enable the GOP on all interfaces
disable automatic summarization
neighbor relationships are being established
and importantly mustn't forget to type as an MP server community.
The community name NPM read only need to do that on both rodded 2 and rotatory it's an MP server community
and PM read only and I'll save the configurations.
So that's the initial configuration on ARADAS show IP IP neighbors shows me that Rodda 2 has two neighbor
relationships router one has two neighbor relationships
and so does rodders three rabbit three can paying the loop back of Route 1 and the loop back of Rodek
to the one paying the loopback about it too.
And to the loopback of radix 3.
So I have configured the network with IP addresses on the serial interfaces and the routers can ping
each other the next step is to enable the management network and get NPM to manage the devices
so to configure the management interface a going to go in the first Ethan an interface of Rato one and
give it an IP address of 10.0 one talked 100.0 one slice 24 mosque and save the config right to do an
interface.
Given a trace of 10 one 100 dot to slice 24 mosque save the config
and do something similar on rodders 3 10:01 one hundred three slice 24 mosque
save the configuration so our devices have booted up.
We have connected NPM to that apology.
Let's test connectivity from NPM.
So here's my NPM Windows machine IP config shows me the IP address of 10 1 to 100 100.
Ping ten one hundred one.
That's not a one Ping's succeed.
Rodda to Ping's succeed rodders 3 Ping's succeed.
So NPM has IP connectivity to the three routers using the management network.
Now let's get NPM to discover the devices.
In other words the three routers.